in order to upgrade your cronusmax plus
to form wire version 1.02
you must first be sure your on firmware
version one after doing so you will then
need to connect your cronusmax plus to
your PC through its PC program port
located on the side of the unit
next you'll need to open the Cronus Pro
software suite go into the Tools menu
and select firmware update here you'll
just need to follow the instructions on
screen by clicking the next button
clicking next once the progress bar has
filled up and then clicking finish once
the update has completed firmware
version 1.02 update has added full
support for ps4 touchpad improved USB
host communication added support for
cronusmax plus v3 hardware improved Xbox
one controller support increased ds4
Rumble strength and various general API
improvements here you can see the Dual
Shock force touchpad working in the game
thief and the previous firmware versions
the touchpad was not supported so you
were not able to access your inventory
here you can see a side-by-side
comparison of the new cronusmax plus
from where version 1.02 versus the
cronusmax plus form where version 1.0
the touchpad is even working while using
the keyboard and all other games for the
touchpad was required in the past such
as driveclub
infamous and Metal Gear Solid